DEA
Four
i Hi I'm Sports Continued Yesterday I did this as well
It is the flow of the grab
I will also report the status of the cherry blossoms here
Yes So I wonder whether
Although Well pocket is making to you is bigger that always Hiromi who was
Slide
I feel like this now i
8 at that time
It's getting quite red
And I still contact you today
Is it about halfway between the ring finger and the middle finger or is it like this or is it good?
I will proceed with
After all this is still an order grab, so the effect is quite steady with gold
Although it says that to become nuclear
I hit it in the open
I would like to go straight to 19
me
It is big
It looks like it smells like I'm going to spread it out like this
Hmm
there were
How are you ?
Hmmm
Is it baby feeling?
Each park is
Bach N
Yeah yeah yeah
Hmm
me
Have
Phew
Op
me
Yes it looks like this
It is is not going eye to the senses of the pros and cons of Chanko finger even more of it is the z life mountain after
Tick Date band in the sense of the finger has defeated the adjustment because it is the sphere Nee
Please contact me if there are any corrections other than this and a
Well that's a little more, yes
Tamana Ne-
Yes It is necessary
8 After all this
It is cute of order
Is good
That's it for today's report by entering
ni
Ufufu
Hmm